
 Shared Useful Code Library  (libsuc)

 This library has many useful code that can be shared between different projects.

pool.h
 Creator    : Jose Martinez - jose.martinez@acm.org
 Description: An easy to use memory pool

TQueue.h
 Creator    : Joe Renau - renau@acm.org
 Description: Very efficient Time Queue structure. In theory it is possible
              to use the STL instead, but this structure is optimized for
	      the most common case in the simulator. There is nearly always
	      one event to do in a given time slot. This "common case" makes
	      possible to implement a class much more efficient for the common
	      case although the worst case is worse.

Config.h
 Creator    : Joe Renau - renau@acm.org
 Description: Standard class for reading configuration files. See
              tests/sample1.cfg

callback.h 
 Creator    : Joe Renau - renau@acm.org
 Description: Powerful callback templates. All the timing use in sesc is based on
              those templates.

FastQueue.h
 Creator    : Joe Renau - renau@acm.org
 Description: A queue very similar to the STL queue. The only difference is that 
              this queue has a maximum size known at construction time. Thanks to
	      that restriction, it is slightly faster than the STL queue

GStats.h
 Creator    : Joe Renau - renau@acm.org
 Description: Generic classes to handle the statistics in an homegenous way.

nanassert.h
 Creator    : Joe Renau - renau@acm.org
 Description: Assertion management classes. At the beginning I try to use nana.h,
              but it only works with the gcc compiler. That's the reason why I
	      modified slightly the syntax, so that it works with all the compilers.
	      I strongly recommend to use it in all your programs. It helps A LOT 
	      to find errors, and to remember you the preconditions and postconditions.

Port.h
 Creator    : Basilio Fraguela - fraguela@cs.uiuc.edu & Joe Renau - renau@acm.org
 Description: A set of templates to calculate port occupancy.

Snippets.h
 Creator    : Basilio Fraguela - fraguela@cs.uiuc.edu & Joe Renau - renau@acm.org
 Descripton: Very small pieces of code useful. For example: prefetch, log2 functions.

HVersion.h  
 Creator    : Jose Renau - renau@acm.org
 Description: For TLS/TaskScalar/similars a task spawn can happen out of order. This class
              helps to manage versions.


